journal/week0.md, before:

# Week 0 — Billing and Architecture

## Required Homework

### Recreate Conceptual Diagram in Lucid Charts or on a Napkin

Started to create my conceptual diagram using Lucidchart but unfortunatelly got "Out of Free Shapes" message as shown under [`Lucid Challenge Section`](#lucid-challenge). 

Below you can find my **"Not Completed"** conceptual diagram using Lucidchart: 

**Note:** below image has a link to my Lucidchart Conceptual Diagram.


[![Lucidchart Conceptual Diagram](/_docs/assets/Conceptual_Design_Lucid.png)](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/5ca8846d-9da1-4871-b714-3cff45425aa9/edit?viewport_loc=-11%2C69%2C1899%2C959%2CEizxkmoz_qBx&invitationId=inv_432bcf22-5c09-4da4-8237-5781969dea0c)


I've decided to complete the conceptual design using my IPAD as a Napkin as below:


![IPAD Conceptual Diagram](/_docs/assets/Napkin_Design.jpeg)



### Recreate Logical Architectural Diagram in Lucid Charts

#### Lucid Challenge
Lucid chart out of free shapes while preparing my Logical and Conceptual designs as shown in below message:

![Napkin Design](/_docs/assets/Lucid_Out_of_Free_Shapes.png)

### Install AWS CLI

### Create a Billing Alarm

### Create a Budget

Commit message:

Updated Logical Architectural Design Week0

journal/week0.md, after:

# Week 0 — Billing and Architecture

## Required Homework

### Recreate Conceptual Diagram in Lucid Charts or on a Napkin

Started to create my conceptual diagram using Lucidchart but unfortunatelly got "Out of Free Shapes" message as shown under [`Lucid Challenge Section`](#lucid-challenge). 

Below you can find my **"Not Completed"** conceptual diagram using Lucidchart: 

**Note:** below image has a link to my Lucidchart Conceptual Diagram.


[![Lucidchart Conceptual Diagram](/_docs/assets/Conceptual_Design_Lucid.png)"Conceptual Design using Lucidchart"](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/5ca8846d-9da1-4871-b714-3cff45425aa9/edit?viewport_loc=-11%2C69%2C1899%2C959%2CEizxkmoz_qBx&invitationId=inv_432bcf22-5c09-4da4-8237-5781969dea0c)


I've decided to complete the conceptual design using my IPAD as a Napkin as below:


![IPAD Conceptual Diagram](/_docs/assets/Napkin_Design.jpeg "Conceptual Design using IPAD")



### Recreate Logical Architectural Diagram in Lucid Charts

I've completed my logical architectural diagram using Lucidcharts because I've started this befor the conceptual one just to practice Lucidchart although I know that we should start always with the conceptual one then the logical.

Below is an image of my logical diagram with a link to my Lucidchart:

[![Logical Design](/_docs/assets/Logical_Design_Lucid.png)](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/5ca8846d-9da1-4871-b714-3cff45425aa9/edit?viewport_loc=119%2C-63%2C1899%2C959%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_432bcf22-5c09-4da4-8237-5781969dea0c)

#### Lucid Challenge
Lucid chart out of free shapes while preparing my Logical and Conceptual designs as shown in below message:

![Napkin Design](/_docs/assets/Lucid_Out_of_Free_Shapes.png)

### Install AWS CLI

### Create a Billing Alarm

### Create a Budget
